my word be that comes out of my mouth it will not return to me void but it will accomplish what God pleases and it will prosper amen and I believe that this afternoon God has a word that's going to prosper in your life God has a word that has a purpose in your life amen and all the messages we are hearing have a purpose in your life amen somebody told me this week that I didn't know that when prophet was preaching he was preaching to me
from last, from a few weeks ago, she realized that she's part of the preaching.
Tell your neighbor you are part of the preaching.
And whatever God has for us this afternoon will not return to him void.
As somebody's heart to be blessed, somebody's life will be changed.
Somebody's life will be turned around.
Somebody's mind is changing.
There's a visitor here who is living a different man.
There's a visitor here who's living a different woman because God's word will bless you.
Amen.
It declares that nothing is impossible with gold.
Thank you for the blessing you give to us today.
We love you and we thank you.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
You may be seated for a moment.
to pray about some things.
Psalm 102, verse 20.
Amen.
To hear the groaning of the prisoner
to lose those that are appointed to death.
Any appointment with death, that is your appointment.
Today, we are canceling that appointment.
How many in the name of Jesus, how many want to keep an appointment with death?
The Bible says those appointed to death.
to lose those who are appointed to death.
So whatever is appointing you to die before your time that you are supposed to die, it is canceled in Jesus' name.
Let's turn up and pray about it, please.
How many want to die this year?
Now, I want you to be serious about these prayers because you never know that this prayer alone may be saving your life this year.
Lift your hand and begin to intercede against any appointment.
It says to lose those that are appointed to death.
In the name of Jesus.
Maron Dalamah, Shadelei Bekeba, Karoman Dalibaba, Saldema Katbalanesh, Delambara Malashin Delele, Menje Vlakul San Pankano Motu Berigaba, Rafedi Etozma, Nikoradimi Eke, Niken Oltomo Soredimi Ka, Larambo Sombari Efe Katamuno Nekensanda,
I'm Champanfo, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua, I'm from Nicaragua,
Anciembolo, Crevente, Michal de Remota, Liparadiso, Bredelica, Rapaandia, Tuzambra, Rapaigia, Tocano, Enson, Farami, Cantola, Libradia, Mucos, Santana, Maya, Inamucontolo, Mozique, Menjel, Campara, Mi Contara, Mia, Medelivi, Matamro, Cosme, Felia, Medelico, Santana, Maya, In Campara, Mia, Tomera, Requisa, Livre, Beco, Santana,
I'm going to go to the heaven, I'm going to go to the heaven, I'm going to go to the heaven, I'm going to go to the heaven, I'm going to go to the heaven,
Mendelemi canto la muzik, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canpa, Inama sun tenemege, Mendelemi tosh tenemege, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canpa, Inama sun tenemege, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia, Mendelemi canta la mazia
I am under the commandment, I am under the commandment.
Hei ma ma sa ta ma rei ka para ma da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba da liba
I am the governor, I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States I am the president of the United States
In the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the night,
Yes.
Hallelujah.
Any appointment with an accident, by which you must die, the Bible says
to lose those that are appointed to them, to release them from that appointment.
You are released from every car and every appointment.
any bus, any accident.
Lift your hand and declare it.
Come on.
I'm
I'm going to
Now, do you know that not every human being can kill another human being?
any appointment with a man who can kill you, a madra, whether it's an armed robber or whether it's whatever kind of person, that appointment is cancelled right now.
Lift your hand and begin to declare against every form of madras and robbers assassins in the name of Jesus.
all such appointments.
We cast appointments of death.
We bind them.
We undo them in the name of Jesus.
Malarama.
you.
I'm
in the name of
Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia, Pananamia
In the name of Jesus.
Now, can you imagine yourself in a hospital with a drip on you where you are dying and people are saying bye-bye to you?
Lift your hand.
It will never happen.
It's impossible.
Lift your hand.
Begin to bind every such appointment with the hospital.
Mataka, Bularama, Dalai, Masamo, Kabaradike, Laka, Barlo, Maneka, Tamareba.
We reject every picture of death, every image of death, every appointment with a hospital, with a drip, a barracado, cardiac monitors, and all kinds of contraptions.
In the name of Jesus.
We pray against it.
We cancel it.
We cast it out.
We reject it.
We bind it.
In the name of Jesus.
Malle, Masha, Malle, Mala, Ramadele, Metallema, Marekata, Kamo Mada, Dabelara, Balorama, Madelema, Marobala, Bale Debrege, Togala Bale, Bale Gere, Bale Gere, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale, Bale,
You shall not die, but live.
Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
I got.
Lose them that are appointed to death, Lord.
Lose us, Lord.
From every hospital appointment, from every surgery, from every oppression, from every
from every situation, from every curse, every sickness in the name of Jesus.
We cancel the appointment.
We cancel the appointment that is assigned to our life for our death in the name of Jesus.
We reject it by the power of God in the name of Jesus.
Mata Kabola.
In the name of Jesus.
In the name of
plane crash.
Me call also negate.
Appointment.
Yes.
You know, there was a plane crash just two or three days ago.
A normal flight.
The plane divided into many pieces.
Any plane you sit on.
Professor, it cannot crash.
In the name of Jesus.
It's impossible.
It is possible.
Whether it's a local flight or an international flight.
by the power and the angel of the Lord.
By the power and the angel of the Lord.
Which will be sitting on the plane.
Yes.
It's impossible.
It's impossible for you to die on an airplane.
Very few people in this life will die on a plane.
My local say.
You'll never be among those few people.
In the name of Jesus.
Jesus.
Lift your hand and declare.
safety for every flight we buy every appointment with death on an airplane.
In the name of Jesus.
Yes.
Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala Mendeza Mandala
He re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma, he re-manda la ma,
I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama, I am a Rama,
In the name of the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord, the Lord,
Me on desk, me on desk, me on desk
We are
Oh yes.
Jeremiah chapter 30 verse 17.
Any sickness that has developed in your body.
Did you hear what I said?
any sickness.
Any sickness.
That has developed in your body.
Oh.
Or that is developing.
He said for I will restore health unto thee.
Yes.
And I will heal thee.
Of thy wounds.
Yes.
Say the Lord.
Because they call thee an outcast.
Whoa.
Saying this is Zion whom no man seeketh after.
I will restore health
and to thee.
And I will heal thee of thy wounds.
Yes.
Whatever part of you is not good.
God is restoring you.
Lift your hand and pray.
Right now.
Father, we ask in the name of Jesus.
We ask in the name of Jesus.
Restore health and to us.
Yes.
Heal us of all place diseases.
Cases.
Yes.
Activities.
demons in our bodies, in our lives.
Hey mama, kabara, make, balee, bola, mandalee, bama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee, baba, rama, mandalee
He ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band, he ran the band,
Oh, yeah.
We are the people of the United States of America.
Mali mama ka shaka bala li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li ba li
Makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala makala
I am
Thank you, Lord.
Father, we give you thanks.
for healing us.
Yes.
I am the lord.
I said my word.
Let your hands, you are the Lord that healed me.
You are the Lord.
You are the Lord that healed me.
You are the Lord, my healer.
You sent your word.
You sent your word and you healed me.
your hand.
He said I will bless your blood.
I will bless your water.
I will take away sickness from your midst.
Thank you for restoring our health.
Thank you for healing us from our wounds.
All kinds of wounds.
Spiritual wounds, emotional wounds, physical wounds in our soul, in our heart, in our bodies.
Thank you that you take away our plagues, our castes, our pains, our diseases, our sentences of death by your messes.
You are the
After these things, Jesus appointed seventy also and send them two by two before his face into every city and every place where he himself would come.
And he said, go.
Don't carry money in best fall.
Go your ways.
Whatever house, say, there is peace.
Verse nine, heal the sick.
The kingdom of God is come nigh.
And he went on.
Verse 17, and the 17, and the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even
The devils are subject unto us through thy name.
Amen.
Whatever is a devil, if it was subject to the seventy, it will be subject to you too.
And notice that he told them to go out, preach, do the work of God.
And the devils were subject to them.
So as you go out doing the work of God,
devils will be subject to you.
Then Jesus said something in verse 18, which was something he saw spiritually.
He said unto them, Behold, I beheld Satan as lightning fall from heaven.
Whatever is an enemy to you is going to fall like lightning down, down to the ground.
God showed me my enemies falling down.
Down.
And your enemies are going to fall down.
Make sure you choose the right enemies.
Because you may be the one falling down.
Yes, you may be the one falling down.
God showed me falling down.
Your enemies will fall in such a way that they cannot get up.
You know, I read a book on war one time by a Japanese something.
And one of the things he said was that it is important to let your enemies believe in their hearts that they are defeated.
Yes.
I'll say it again.
Because sometimes you defeat an enemy, but he doesn't believe that he's defeated.
Yes.
He feels that he's just resting.
It's coming back.
But it's important to defeat your enemy to the point where he himself believes.
He believes in himself that he's defeated.
Yes.
So when Napoleon went to Moscow, are you there?
Are you listening?
Yes.
President of Russia or the Tsar, whatever he was at the time, decided to run away from Moscow.
So when Napoleon entered, so they evacuated the whole of Moscow and released prisoners, the prisons.
They released only the prisoners.
So the only prisoners left.
So Napoleon arrived and it was winter and his food was finished.
And he wanted to meet the president of the Tsar of Russia.
Tsar went with me Caesar, in Russia, Caesar of Russia, for him to kneel down before Napoleon.
And when he puts his hand on his head, then he knows that he has defeated him.
But the guy ran away.
And everybody in the town ran away.
And he never had the chance.
Yes.
to put his sword on him for him to believe that I've conquered you because they had gone away.
So then Napoleon realized that they have to go back because there was nothing there.
There was nothing in the town.
There was no food.
There was no water.
There was nothing.
So they decided to leave.
And as they went back, they killed them.
They followed them.
killed them, an army of about 400,000 that Napoleon came with.
They were left with about 30,000 people to go back to France.
Yes.
So he Napoleon was defeated.
He was never the same after that.
So even when Adolf Hitler was going to invade Russia, they were always warning him, this Napoleon did the same thing.
And it didn't work.
But I always remember that part.
that he was trying to get the star of Russia to kneel down so that he would believe in his heart that he has been defeated, but he never got the chance.
And it's true he wasn't defeated.
Your enemies will fall like lightning.
And they will never be able to get up again.
Do you believe in such?
Your enemies will fall as lightning.
in such a way that they cannot get up again.
There is a way to fall that you can't get up.
And there is a way to fall.
Have you not watched a film where the people for about one was asleep or he was just about to start moving and to pick a gun?
Isn't it?
Yeah.
You don't watch film, do you see?
That's 19.
We are still praying.
This is a prayer meeting.
Behold, I give you power to tread on serpents.
So, and scorpions and over all the power that the enemy has.
So, we're serpents.
We don't have snakes.
You see, that's where you made a mistake.
There are serpents and there are spirits.
And it's understanding a serpent that helps you
fight and scorpions.
Scorpion too can kill but not so common.
More of pain.
A scorpion gives you a lot of pain.
Not so much of death, although they can.
Have you heard this from diamonds are forever?
Yes, there's a scorpion in it.
He put a scorpion in his shirt and then that was it.
Whatever represents pain in your life, as I give you power to overcome pain, pain.
And you must believe what I'm saying because all these so-called emotional things, you'll be surprised how many people are not normal.
Give me some volume.
You'll be surprised how many people are not normal because of certain things that have happened to them.
Yes.
That is why when you do certain things to a child, you go to prison.
I know I had a friend, he did something to some children, boys.
I mean, he went to prison straight.
Yes.
Because they are changed.
They are changed because of what you've done to them.
And they are no more normal.
Some girls, when you meet a type of a man,
and what the man does to you, you realize that you've changed.
Yes?
You realize that something has changed about you and you are not normal as you should be.
And the pain, the pain, you are overcoming it.
He says, I give you power.
It is only in church you get power over scorpions.
Whatever is painful in your life,
God is giving you power over that thing that is painful in your life.
How many have had something that is painful?
Yes.
I've experienced pain.
I've sat in my chair and able to sleep from night to the morning where I'm just, my heart is throbbing.
I cannot.
Yes.
But it's part of the Via Dolorosa.
It's part of it.
That's why in Revelation he says, I know your works and your patience.
Patience is not the ability to wait.
It's the ability to tolerate pain or annoyance or something without
showing the signs of irritation or annoyance or hurt.
It's not that it's not ability to wait because you wait anyway.
After waiting, you wait for it to happen.
But it's your ability to wait and to go without showing the annoyance or the hurt or the irritation or what does the patients.
Yes.
Are you there?
That's what waiting you wait.
But it's whilst you wait.
What you exhibit.
That's the patience.
So that's why it says, I know thy works and thy patience.
How you behave.
Are you there?
That's it.
Thy labor and thy patience.
Yes.
So it's not only looking at your works, but your behavior and your attitude whilst you are experiencing things or waiting for things.
Hmm?
Yeah.
What does the verse say?
And how thou canst not bear them which are evil and has tried them which say they are apostles.
Every church must try people who say they are something and are not.
You say you are a national but you are not.
You say you are a singer but you are not.
You are just doing something but you are not singing.
You say you are an instrumentalist but you are not.
You say you are helper but you are not.
You say you are loyal but you are not.
You say you are faithful but you are not.
You say you are with me but you are not.
And has found them liars.
Has found them what?
Liars.
Has found them liars.
Yes.
Will you be found as to be a liar?
If you are tested, has found them liars.
You say you are giving tithes but you are lying.
You say you are faithful but you are lying and has found them liars.
Anyway, this is not a pattern.
We are praying.
Go back to Luke 10.
I give you power over serpents, to tread on serpents.
So we are supposed to stamp on them.
Recently I went to a zoo in Zimbabwe.
It's just a small room.
We can actually have one in Mambo, just for snakes.
If you are prepared to look after them.
Now, I did not.
I did not.
And I promise you that I did not.
I did not bring any of the snakes out.
And I did not step on any of them.
In fact, the black mamba was started moving.
And as soon as it started to move, the man said, this particular one is very different from all other snakes.
The black mamba is different from every other snake.
I pray you see another snake, not a black man.
Yes.
You mean cobras and whatever, they are better.
It's true.
Yes.
You are supposed to trample over spiritual sepents.
Not physical ones.
I give you power over the enemy.
So there are spiritual snakes.
and the characteristic of a snake reveals to you what it's like.
When you meet a cobra, it's like this.
Cobra is the one that gets up and does this.
It's threatening you.
Anybody who threatens you, threatens you.
You, you will see.
I will say, it's a cobra.
It's a cobra spirit.
Have you been threatened before?
You see what I'll do?
I'll show you.
And some of you have cobra spirit.
You see, when you speak, it's a combination of what you say and what the spirit that is influencing you says.
That's why Jesus said, don't worry, when you speak, it's not you that speaks, it's the spirit of your father.
So there are times when you speak, the spirit that is with you, that speaks.
So if you have a cobra, you see.
Can I take it?
He said, anyone who threatens or intimidates a man of God, you don't have to pray.
Jesus told him, he said, it's an evil spirit.
Then Viper Unanka is sleeping by your side.
You will never know.
When I was in school,
We had one in the zoology lab, a viper.
It lined the sleep.
Do you know that the white people, when they came to Gabon, they called it the Gabon Viper.
And they originally thought it was harmless because of the way it sleeps.
So a viper spirit, you initially think it's harmless until you get the revelation that it is not harmless at all.
What advice in your life that looks harmless?
But it's actually dangerous.
God is bringing it out.
And snakes, they don't like to be found.
As soon as they found, they know they are finished.
We found a couple of vipers on site and they were eating.
We have some librarians who eat them.
Everything that is threatening you in your life will be eaten in Jesus' name.
Then we have the black mamba.
The venom, it will paralyze you.
Whatever is coming in your life to just make you paralyze, you can't move again.
You can't work again.
You can't preach again.
You can't pray again.
You can't read your Bible.
You can't do what God has called you to do
They have a lot in Zambia.
You know what it does?
It paralyzes your nerves.
So the nerves, because it takes your nerves to brew.
So the nerves that control your chest, it just says don't move.
So it just doesn't move.
So you are just there.
So you want to breathe.
You can't breathe.
You are just there.
A boy, a man, a British man, he went with his girlfriend to, I think, to Zambia, to learn how to be a wildlife tour guide.
And whilst they were having a class, a black member was seen outside the class.
So they went out.
They were doing, go, go, go.
It seemed as if it touched him, but when they looked at his hand, there was nothing.
So they came back to class, the teacher looked, so there's nothing.
So, okay, she said that.
As they were sitting down, 20 minutes,
20 minutes after that thing happened, they all came to sit in the class.
20 minutes, he was sitting there writing, his girlfriend was there.
He was gone.
20 minutes.
Whatever will end your life suddenly out of nowhere by the power of God.
We bind it in the name of Jesus.
Some people here you have met a girl she's going to end your ministry and your life.
It's a man by spirits.
When she touches you, that's it.
Or you have met a man too.
He's coming to finish you.
Then another spirit is a python.
Pytons are like anacondas, but it's different.
Anacondas you have them in South America.
So I think let's use the python.
And it's in the Bible spirit of a python.
It holds you like this.
I'll never let you go.
Whatever says I will let you go.
You know, have you seen there are some things that it looks like you cannot come out of it?
You know why you can't come out of it?
shame, humiliation, confession.
That's the way to come out.
But when I read Rejoiner's book, The Touch and the Soul, he said, that is the easiest demon to overcome, the spirit of
What was it called?
If somebody remembers.
Is it intimidation?
Something.
Radical.
Beautiful.
He said that's the easiest one.
Anytime you see radical, like it looks like you'll be ashamed, that's your easy way out.
Take it.
You will not be so ashamed as you think.
Yes.
Because you fail to take the ridicule at that level, it's growing.
The one that is coming, you can't even know how it would be like.
You can't even, you can never come out of it.
Yeah, ridicule.
So ridicule is when you see it is the easy.
It's like how there's no way here, but only here there's a way.
That's your way.
Yes.
Whatever represents
Something that has held you.
It can never be free from it.
Some of you, you have habits.
Things that you know.
You can't know how to come out.
Things you can't know how to stop.
It's all powers that will deliver you from the power of the enemy.
Listen, these prayers they are working on.
You know, there are some Gossips who watch me when I'm praying.
They say, what is, why is he praying all this?
They are all cursed.
I curse all my gossips.
I curse them.
Don't ask why I'm cursing.
That's the only thing I can do.
Don't watch us.
Don't listen to my prayers.
It's not for you.
We are not praying with you.
I'm praying with my small, my small children here.
Do you want us to be praying?
I say whatever has tied you, your leg, you are coming out of it.
You will not die with that thing in the name of Jesus.
And it will not destroy you in Jesus name.
Yes.
I believe it.
say, you will never be free.
We are here.
I've shown you the easy way out.
Radical is the way out.
Yes.
I'm going to read a touch of the sword.
It's not my revelation, but it's true.
It's actually the easy way out.
Yeah.
Deaths, they are like snake.
Those who are in death, they can never come out.
Even the bank has written it in there.
80% of those who go for mortgage, they never pay.
The bank knows it.
They know that they've given you a snake you can never come away from.
And when they give it to you, they give you with champagne.
The day you get, they give you champagne to celebrate.
Yes.
Your bondage.
You are free from it.
Sit down.
Let me tell you one last thing before we, I want us to deal with any snake that is dealing with you.
When Hitler was killing the people, what they did, they put them on a train and they send them to Poland.
And when they come out of the train, do you know what he did?
He organized musicians, especially the German musicians.
And they play this saxophone.
I don't know what it is.
What is that instrument called?
Accordion.
And with singing.
So when they came out of the train, they were there singing.
So they thought it was, they were going straight to the death chamber.
Straight.
They marched from the house, straight to the place.
So they played the music for the.
Welcome to, you know, whatever.
So, you see, second place music.
when you are on your way to your distraction, he placed you to take your mind off what is happening.
Yes, till you realize that you are not inside.
And when they got inside the room, they asked everybody remove your clothes.
If there were thousand of them, or 500 of them, everybody remove your clothes, then you move everything.
Then they say, every ring, and if you have a gold tooth, anything, bring it, put it here in a big room.
You have to move everything.
So everybody, boys, girls, men, everybody naked.
Then you come and put your gold, anything you have, put it there.
And then all the clothes out, then everybody, you go and they say they are going to bath you.
And they were playing music as you were coming.
So they are coming to bath you.
Then when they go out, then they close the door.
Then the gas starts coming from the top.
And the gas is said that it makes you desire to breathe.
So they climb over each other to get to the top.
So when they open the doors, the people have formed like a heap up to the ceiling.
They formed like sand, when you drop sand like this, a heap, triple of sand.
Everybody climbed on top of to the last person and it's all trying to breathe.
But they played music for them.
Satan is playing music for some of you.
It's part of the song to fool you, to lead you to your destruction.
And it's playing music.
That's why the thing sounds good and it looks good till you can't come out of it and you are finished.
Yes.
That's why all the bad things look good.
How many have seen that the bad things look good?
Till you find where you are, so my goodness.
But do you know that out of the people who died, there were some that didn't die?
This story I'm telling you, I know it from a book of somebody who was inside the dead people.
but she didn't die.
Yes.
So she was buried alive.
They came out, she came out.
That's how come we know all these stories?
Because some people survived.
They came, they came out five to ten.
I read, it's a whole book like this.
It's amazing.
It was Jimmy Swagat, a preacher.
I heard him describing the music.
The music!
that is played as you keep marching to your distraction.
Music.
German folk music.
You think a good thing is happening until you are there.
And that's why the Swiss banks, all these gold from the people, they were asked to pay back the money because they took so much gold from them.
They killed six million people.
Six million in this way.
Six million.
Six million and they cremated all of them.
When they kill you, then they cremate you.
And the aeroplanes, the British and American planes that used to fly over, they saw the smoke.
And they knew there was something happening there.
They saw the smoke, that's why they also blame them because in 1939, before the war ended in 1945 in May, when they realized it was undecided too,
They call it frenzied killings to kill as many as sometimes they were killing ten thousand a day.
With music.
Don't forget the music part.
Will you forget the music part?
Tomorrow when you go home and you see certain music is waving at you and you see that something is making you feel all this is okay.
Remember, it's another deception to keep you a fool and make nothing out of you.
You are set free from every power of darkness working in your life in the name of Jesus.
Stand up everybody.
Look, choose one of the snakes.
Whichever one you suspect is near you or fighting you begin to bind it.
I'm reading directly from the Bible.
I give you power over
and scorpions.
In the name of Jesus.
Scorpion is pain.
The rest are different things.
Begin to pray.
Shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter
you.
Ramaya Pandalaya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Michandelemiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Salamiya Nisotka Sal
I am
We bind anaconda spirits.
We bind the pythons.
We slice them.
We divide them.
We divide them in the name of Jesus.
We divide them into short
in the name of Jesus.
We trumpet.
Every snake.
They are panning.
Thank you very much.
me.
Judgment on the snicks.
Judgment on the seventh.
Judgment on the cobras.
Judgment on the vipers.
Judgment on the pythons.
Judgment on the scorpions.
Every pain.
Every wickedness.
I am I am
I am a man.
Hallelujah.
Declare I crush you.
I crush you.
Spirit of whatever spirit it is.
Whatever happens.
In the name of Jesus.
That old serpent.
Yes.
We
We bind you.
We bind the serpent.
Every poison.
I did it!
He had to move!
Manama vieco!
I'm in pony!
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio Manio
Let your hands and thank God, whatever poison, whatever poison has been put into you.
Listen, do you know what poison does?
Do you know what poison does?
It can kill you.
And that's why that man I was describing, he just died.
It can finish you.
You are not finished.
Yes.
I'm not finished.
How many can sense that some poison has been put into you by this kid?
Let your hand and thank God right now for victory.
Victory.
Poison attacks.
of the enemy.
We give you thanks.
Yeah.
I don't
Oh, yes.
Left your two hands for the Lord.
Yes.
Father, we thank you.
We thank you.
Thank you for victory.
Yes.
Thanks be to God.
No, no, no.
Yes.
You always cause us to triumph.
We give you thanks.
In the name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Sit down for a moment.
Now, I want to share with you one best as we are giving thanks
Second Corinthians chapter 2 verse 14.
Now, thanks be unto God which always causes us to triumph in Christ.
Thanks be to God which always causes us to triumph in Christ.
And make it manifest the savor of his knowledge by us in every place.
Now, why would he say thanks be to God, which always causes us to triumph?
Because there are things which are fighting you.
And it's either you win or they win.
Who's going to win?
Thanks be to God, which always, always, you know, I learned this verse from, I will not tell you.
So, thanks be to God, which always calls at us to triumph.
He calls this huge.
I see God causing you.
Yes, to triumph.
You may seem down.
You may seem low, but He's causing you to triumph.
Do you believe?
Let's stand up and thank God for the last minutes.
Thanks be to God.
Everybody thanking God.
Every second Corinthians 240.
That's your memory verse.
Yes.
Thanks be to God.
Thank you Lord.
Which always causes us to triumph.
Yes.
Thank you Lord.
Always causes us to triumph.
Always.
always causes us to try.
Thanks be to God.
Thanks to God.
Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto, Mamba Di Canto,
Hallelujah!
Father, we thank you.
Whatever it is, financial, spiritual, ministry, work,
any area we thank you that you always, always, always cause us to triumph in Christ Jesus.
We give you thanks.
Receive your victory.
Receive your victory
Jesus' name.
Amen.
You may be seated.
Now, today I'm still sharing with you from my book on dangerous sons, which is about fathers and sons.
So, I want to share with you what I call a loose.
A loose is a word, a Greek word,
which means another of the same kind.
Another of the same kind.
All right?
Now, one of the things we have two words, heteros and alos.
Heteros is another of the same kind.
And heteros is another of a different kind.
So a true son is an alos.
All right?
And a loss is something that you want to become.
Amen.
Now, turn with me to Revelation chapter 13 verse 1.
It says, and this is just a short Bible lesson, like you know, I stood on the sun of the sea and I saw what?
A beast.
rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy."
Right?
Are you there?
Now the beast which I saw was like a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion.
and the dragon gave him his power.
And I saw one of his head wounded.
That's four.
They worship the dragon.
Now, that's five.
There was given unto him a mouth, okay?
There was given unto him a mouth, what?
Speaking great things.
There are some people who have been giving mouths.
They speak great things and blasphemies.
Blasphemy is the word vilification.
is slander, detraction, speech injurious to another's good name.
That's what the word blasphemy.
So some of us, when we think of blasphemy, we think that it's like saying things like Jesus, I don't want to even say, but say things very, I mean, outrageous things.
But blasphemy is in the, to vilify someone,
You see, evil speaking.
I'm reading the Strong's dictionary.
Slander, detraction, speech that is injurious to another's good name.
I've had a lot of people do that to me over the years.
Speaking things that are injurious.
It's like if you listen to it, it ingests the person.
It's good name.
You get it?
So that's all blasphemy.
And this evil spirit, this devil was speaking great things and blasphemies.
and power was given to him to continue for 40 and two months.
You even wonder why you are giving power for 40 and two months, but those are all part of the mysteries of God that certain things are allowed to continue for some time.
And it's, I mean, has an expiry date.
When a date complaint is finished and it's like God allows those things to happen for whatever mysterious reason there is, either for the person to go through it or for the thing to, is the cup to be full.
Then he opened his mouth in blasphemy and against God.
So now he's also insulting God to blaspheme his name.
And power was given over all kindreds and tongues of nations.
And all that dwelt on the earth, worship him.
All right?
And if any man have an ear, let him hear.
He that leadeth into iniquity, he that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity.
There are certain problems, somebody leads you into it.
Are you reading the Bible with me?
How many have ever found that somebody has led you into a problem?
But the Bible says, if that leads into captivity, he himself shall go into captivity.
And if that killer with the sword shall be killed with the sword.
Here is the patience and the faith of the saints.
In other words, it takes patience.
That's tolerating things.
and the faith of the saints.
All right, I'm talking about Alus, verse 11.
And I beheld, are you there?
Another beast, you know, the beast I've just described.
I said, I beheld another beast coming out of the sea.
And he had two horns, like a lamb, and he spicked as a dragon.
So he looked like a lamb, you know, there are two types of
things you can have.
The person looks very gentle, but the speaking is like a dragon speaking, but it looks like a lamb.
But the speaking, that's why when you enter a relationship, you stay for some time to see whether the thing that you have been attracted to like a lamb, when it speaks, the dragon will come out.
Or whether you speak like a lamb also.
Lamb looking and lamb speaking.
Anyway, the word we are looking for is another.
It's there.
And I beheld what?
Another or, as somebody would say, another.
Now that word, another, is alos.
Another of the same kind.
So, when you recognize certain things, you are not like you were, you are the same as this one.
Same thing.
And when you even read in the Bible, you will recognize people when they come.
You say, ah, this is that.
I remember one time I traveled and when I came, I made a call to somebody, a man of God.
And I said, I asked him, have you heard of this case that has come?
He asked me, have I heard of it?
I said, I've heard of it.
Then he said, what do I think?
But before I could answer, he said, it's an absalom.
He said, what?
It's an absalom.
It's absalom.
Another of the same kind.
Yes.
Because it was an example of somebody who had been appointed and put here, and he was attacking.
The father who brought him in had printed things.
One who said it looked very funny indeed.
Very blaspheme.
So he looked very funny.
He had printed.
I saw one of those printed things.
There's that.
Funny things.
Each other.
People are wild.
Anyway, so bad things you can have another of the same kind.
And there are some girls you meet as a young man.
You meet and say that you eh, you are the same, you are an analyst of this, you are Dorothy too.
You are Abigail three.
Yes, I met you in Jesus, I met you in SS and I've met you in the church too.
Another of the same kind.
And there are some guys when you meet, said that man made no sense of you.
and this another of the same kind is coming to reduce you.
Another high James remix.
But sometimes your first time that you had a bad experience is an immunization.
That God is actually teaching you to recognize.
So when you see somebody coming charming like that.
Hi there, how are you girl?
Then you say, hi.
There's another of the same kind.
It's what?
Another.
Yes.
I know you.
It's the same thing that is coming.
And the devil comes back after a while.
There's nobody here who should ever think that when you have dealt with the devil, you finish with him.
He is never finished until you die.
When they say rest in peace, it is not over.
in his uva.
You know, I was reading yesterday, a man and his wife were crying, and the wife has used a taser to stun the husband for him to collapse.
So I just decided to read the story.
I just thought it's a funny story.
I'm not a funny story, but I just thought it was a story.
So when I read it, I saw the husband is 73 years old, and the wife is 68.
So I realized that marital problems
You would think that it will finish by a certain age.
Stun gun, yes.
It takes a user.
Electricity and the man collapse.
That's your relax.
Serving you with ease.
And the problem is continuing.
Whatever represents a trouble in your life
In the name of Jesus, you'll be ready for the devil when he comes again.
And because of the principle of alos, when you see, you say, you, I know you, I know you, I know you.
You can't deceive me again.
One is enough.
Yes.
How many have ever met somebody and it has occurred to you that it's an alos?
Raise your hand if you have ever, ah, you have all experienced it.
This thing, I know it.
Now, so I lost an ability to recognize, and you see that even the devil didn't want to come up with a new plan.
He came up with another of the same kind.
You see, similar to the one which was like a leopard, whatever, he also decided to be with a type of animal with some features
And verse 12, what does verse 12 say?
And he exercised the power of the first beast.
Yes.
So that same type of power, you see, comes when you are an alos.
He exercised the same kind of power because you are similar.
Yeah.
Now, one of the things to do when you are a good son, all right, is to be an alos.
Amen.
Seven signs of a son.
Number one, a son resembles or daughter, my book says son or daughter, resembles his father.
John 14, verse nine, Jesus said unto him, have I been so long with you and yet
has thou not known me, Philip.
He that has seen me has seen the father."
So when you are seen, are you there?
When your father, when you see the son, you are seen the father.
So if you are my son, I guess as Amalaka uses what I'm preaching, if you are my son,
you resemble me, me, in the spirit, not physically.
Physically, I resemble my father in a way.
I can see things.
Somebody once said, either way you work, right?
You work like that.
That's how my father works, truthfully.
So he says, he that has seen me has seen the father.
Now that is why you can say that.
Many people who call themselves my sons, they don't resemble me in the spirit and in the ministry.
They don't.
They don't resemble me.
You get it.
But when you are an alos and you believe in alos, another of the same kind, even the devil knows that principle, you tap into a certain power
that is available to help you to move very fast.
Amen.
Because the reality is that nothing new is being created.
Nothing new is being created.
Now let's look at Genesis chapter 1, verse 26.
God said,
Let us make man in our image.
Amen.
And in our likeness.
And let them have dominion.
OK?
Are you there?
Let us make man in our image.
Amen.
And so there are many, many similarities between us
and God.
God decided to make us to look like him.
That was what God's plan was.
He wanted to make something that was like him.
And that's why any time we do things which are not like God, you get it.
He doesn't like it.
Amen.
God's plan is to have something like him, like the father, like the son.
That's God's plan.
Let's make something that looks like us.
Amen.
So that's the original purpose of God in creating us.
Angels have wings and they are quite different, but we are quite different.
God's plan was to make something like him.
Something intelligent.
Look how intelligent we are.
Yes.
Look at the things we've invented.
You see the car full of inventions.
Japanese inventions, German inventions, all kinds of things.
Somebody was showing me his car the other day.
It has eight cameras all around the car.
It stops by itself if it's going to have an accident.
It stops by itself.
The car stops.
You don't stop.
The car will stop.
You'll be in the car.
What are you talking about?
Yes.
Every time we are inventing something, remote this, remote that, remote this.
Amazing.
So that is why people who are against new ideas are usually against the nature of God.
Yes.
If you take the road from Akra to Kumasi, if we don't come up with an idea on how to make the road,
different from the way we've been trying to make roads.
I predict that.
In the next eight years, there will still be no road to commerce.
As there is no road, I predicted it and it is there.
Still.
Anybody who takes accepts of my preaching to go and give an impression on the news.
Your children.
They will get a disease whose name starts with E.
Yes.
Okay.
ideas and that is how come you are like God?
New ways, new things and things will change if you accept the new thing because that's how God made you.
He made you like him.
He made you to be full of love.
That's why there's some love in all of us and that's why we like weddings.
It's true.
Even when the marriages are not working, we still like weddings.
Is it not true?
People with bad marriages, they all come for weddings.
Because love is a beautiful thing.
We can sense some attraction to what we originally are created for.
All human beings have that.
God has faithfulness.
God is faithful.
He's constant.
We are all attracted to that thing that you will not change.
you will be there for me.
I can go for 20 years and you can still, when I'm not in your presence, you are for me.
Is that not what you want?
Huh?
Boys and girls, is it not what you want?
You want somebody when you go, the person say, ah, thank God.
This policeman has gone.
This and that and that.
That's it.
It can't see us.
We are attracted to it.
We want it.
That's how you were made.
That's how you are meant.
If you are not like that, there's something has gone wrong.
God is creative.
God is loving.
God is faithful.
God is merciful.
Yes.
That's why we are attracted to mercy.
In fact, when somebody is merciful, you begin to fear the person.
Yes.
The word messy is from the word rechamim.
Rechamim, it means the womb.
You see, the way, so recham the womb in Hebrew.
The way you feel towards something that came from your womb.
Yes.
It's the way God feels towards us.
It's like, it's my thing that I'll do is gone off.
Gone totally off.
It's from my womb.
So there is a, there is something you have for the, that thing.
Even it is off.
off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off off
When God made us, he intended for us to make a losses.
Not to create again anything new.
That's how he made an a loss of himself.
He wanted us to make more losses.
So you see, and God blessed them and said, multiply.
Be fruitful.
Multiply yourself.
Okay?
Now look at verse 22.
beautiful.
Genesis, verse chapter one, verse twelve.
It says, and the earth, alright, brought forth grass.
The herb yielding seed after his kind.
And God saw that it was good.
Then God created every living creature.
That's twenty one after their kind.
Amen.
And God saw that it was good.
And God made the beast of the earth after his kind.
And God saw that he was good.
So he was trying to make everything to produce after his kind.
So he is trying to make us to reproduce after our kind.
So when God anointed Kenneth Hagin, he wanted Kenneth Hagin to reproduce somebody after his kind.
That's true.
That is why I am standing here with a definite anointing.
I'm carrying a mantle, not out of pride, but I'm just telling you, based on the evidence, based on the evidence of a certain mantle.
Yes.
A prophetic and teaching ministry, worldwide, millions
of books.
In fact I just got a message from our, to say director in Rwanda.
He was saying that the maximum number of books translated into Kenya Rwanda by a foreign pastor is two.
The language is called Kenya Rwanda.
So when they saw the 60 books in their language, no one has ever translated books into their language.
That's the language that they speak.
The whole Macarius.
Yes.
The Rima Bible Training Center, Anakazo Bible and Ministry Training Center.
Many things, many things.
Books.
Hamilton Bible Center.
Yes.
So what I'm trying to say is that God intends to make something
after his kind.
That's what God is planning.
And it is something you don't have to struggle with.
You are going to the lab to make a man.
No, I wasted your time.
I once watched a film like that where a man was trying to make a man.
He went to the cemetery in the night and caught a dead body.
Have you watched that film?
And he sewed the legs and the arms of the bodies together and connected it to electricity and some chemical and it came alive and started working.
You can see where they sewed was started working and chasing the man.
I would never watch such a film again.
And the thing came out of the lab and started walking in town.
That is not God's plan.
He's not making anything new.
He's just making something after his kind.
Amen.
Are you there?
anything that is great that you see is another of the same kind.
If it's great, it's another of the same kind.
I said, if it is great, it is another of the same kind.
Hallelujah.
Now, turn with me to Ecclesiastes chapter one.
I'm showing you how to be
verse nine and I'm almost finished the thing that has been it is that which shall be and that which is done is that which shall be done there is no new thing under the sun is there anything where of it may be said see
This is new.
It has already been of old time.
Amen.
So, ladies and gentlemen, there is nothing that is being now created.
So don't worry your head.
It has been there of old.
Do you want to be a minister, a successful missionary,
There are missionaries.
I'm a missionary, but because I'm here in Ghana, you don't recognize me.
I know.
Many people who are missionaries, they don't realize that I'm also a missionary.
And my mission was right here in Ghana.
Yes.
They don't realize that I'm a missionary.
I've been a missionary all my life.
I'm on a mission.
Yes.
It's true.
I've been on a mission.
Yes.
They don't realize that I'm a missionary.
I could be anywhere, but I'm here.
Yes, and I started with a few people, classroom, children, and gradually, gradually, we are here.
Are you there?
Yes.
There's nothing new.
If you want to be successful, because at least there's some amount of success.
There's some amount of success.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I mean, the church is full.
Overflow is also full.
Yeah, there's another flow, upsets and downsets, full up.
Two halls where we have weddings, they are also full.
Hello, overflow.
Can you hear them?
And they are in a net condition.
I hear that place is nicer than here.
Yes.
You like it here?
If you want to make it, decide to accept, accept that there is nothing new that will be done, nothing new that will be created, nothing new that will happen that has not already happened.
It has already happened.
See it has been done of all it was done.
Yes.
The same thing.
You go to a country like I've come to a country and you start with children and you keep being with the children that you are with.
Thank you.
Almost every important person that is important in my life, I officiated their wedding.
I counseled them, officiated them, everybody.
Even those who have been Judas to me, I counseled them, I officiated their weddings.
I did everything for them.
I adore everything.
It's true.
Yes.
So there is nothing new.
And you have to accept.
You want to prosper?
Don't look far.
We've prospered.
We've prospered right before your eyes.
How do we prosper?
What am I doing?
Even business wise, if you think and you look at the church as a business, you will see a lot of principle.
One time I was invited to speak in a university.
It's the only time I've been invited to speak in a university.
I was invited to speak in a university because somebody saw our church signboard in Central Africa.
Yes.
And when he saw, he said, no, this church has gone even to Central Africa.
There's a secret.
So I was invited to speak in this university, which is one of the top universities, top 25 universities.
To give a lecture, can you imagine me giving a lecture?
Not in Ghana, no.
Yeah, not Zenith, not, I mean, Marshall University.
Not UPSA.
We were three lecturers that day.
The first lecture was the CEO of Mercedes-Benz Worldwide.
And the third lecture was the CEO of Tata.
Tata Company from India, the World Bank.
And that was the second.
See you at Lighthouse.
Wow.
So what I'm trying to say is that you may be looking for, but right here, you just look at something and you realize that there's something that you can learn.
Yes.
And that there is nothing new
under the sun.
I'm saying this because it takes intelligence to notice the obvious.
Yes, I'll say it again.
It takes intelligence to notice the obvious.
Sometimes something is sitting right looking at you, but you don't even notice it.
It takes some kind of intelligence.
That's why when people describe laws,
and come up with principles.
They look like great people, but they are just describing a body continuous in motion until a force equal and opposite brings it to a halt or something.
I mean, the obvious thing, we all continue running until something hits us and then we stop.
But it is the obvious, but it sounds so fantastic when it is noticed.
It takes a colossal mind to notice, to state the obvious, to notice it.
It takes a colossal mind.
So, you need a colossal mind to look at the church and realize that if it is business, there's something you can learn from it.
If it is ministry, there's something you can learn from it.
If it is whatever, there's something that even there's more than we have reached.
If you can attain to it, if it's something that merits, it shouldn't be bad at all.
Yes.
Are you with me?
that there is nothing new.
You would think that everybody knows that there is nothing new.
But look, he said, ah, come share the secret.
Well, what is it?
Let's go in five.
Ah, here Bill Gates is coming.
Bloomberg is coming.
Donald Trump is coming.
This one is coming.
You'd be surprised when you go into Donald Trump.
You see how much they owe?
That it will almost become to zero.
You'd be surprised.
I read a story about him.
He was broke.
He, they took all his things.
He went to Bournemouth.
In the short, be successful.
If you are a medical student, I was in the medical school.
I've never even referred.
It has not happened to me before.
Referred like an exam that I'll do twice.
No, no, no, no.
Never.
Or was it IA or what?
No, no, no.
I don't know what you are talking about.
Everyone I was sailing through.
Yes.
Even when I had crisis in the age of my past,
I had many crises in the exam, but I passed.
And the University of Ghana Medical School is now a small school.
There's a lot of wickedness in this school.
Oppression.
Are you listening?
Yes.
You can have a better life if you believe in the principle of alos.
another of the same.
And if you make it your goal, you know, I don't want to be anything.
I want to be like, when I see bunky, if I can be like bunky, I've achieved my goal, my life goal.
If I can be like him, I've achieved it.
That's all.
If I could be like that.
And many times, you see, God shows you things you must notice about people.
And you pick one at a time.
You know, God often doesn't tell you many things.
How many have noticed that there's always one thing you take away
It's called a takeaway from the meeting.
What's your takeaway from today's church?
Yes.
You need one takeaway or two takeaways.
That's all.
Yes.
When I heard Bonky saying, I decided to say, I don't know what he's saying.
Maybe there's a secret in it.
As many things as I can do that are like him doing it.
It's good for me.
Yes.
If God gives you that in a father that you can follow, not all fathers can be followed easily.
Some will follow them to petition, but not all, but some that God shows you that you can follow.
There are things of my father, my biological father that I don't do.
There are things he belonged to, things he did, et cetera.
I don't do those things.
But the things he did that I can do, I do.
I try to do them.
So, some of you, you know, your fathers are wealthy, but you despise them.
Anybody who despises your father, you are cursed.
You know, there are a lot of cases, no need to say them, but sometimes we say them so that you know that you are cursed.
You'll be aware, but it has already happened.
It's not what we are saying that will curse you.
Yes, we are pointing at the obvious.
So,
Decide as many elements as I can.
Yes.
Nobody's perfect.
Even I wouldn't like you to follow.
There are things I've told people.
Don't do this.
You see me?
What I'm doing?
Don't do that thing.
It's not, it's not, it will not help you.
Yeah.
Sometimes I will explain.
There's a reason why I do this.
That, that reason is not in your life.
Don't do it.
Yes.
That reason is not in your life.
Don't do it.
it will not be good for you.
But whatever God shows you that you can learn, do it.
Amen.
And gradually you see that you are going higher and higher.
One of the things is start, start early.
I didn't start preaching or start doing a church in my 30s.
No, by the time I was 25, I was a pastor.
And by the time I finished school, I had taken it seriously.
Anything you start taking seriously later on, you see that you are behind.
Take it seriously from the time that you are young.
Becoming an alos makes you humble.
Humble.
Because you see that you are not original.
There's nothing about me that's original.
What about me is original?
My preaching.
I'm preaching like Fred Price.
I'm preaching like Kenneth Hage.
I'm preaching like Fepa because I'm working around that.
I watch him preaching in church.
And I wanted to do the same.
I used to carry my Bible like he carried.
He used to carry his Bible like this.
So I also used to carry my Bible like that and preach.
Yeah.
That's why I have a big church and you are still watching.
Yes.
This is how I used to carry his Bible in church on Sunday.
He used to clip his notes.
He used to clip his notes with a clip.
You know, that's how we didn't have iPads.
He used to clip with a clip, a Fepa clip.
and you hold a note, one page is a note, one page is a note.
But I saw myself.
This is how I want to show.
I used to hold an eyeball like that.
Why not?
Don't be jealous when I'm doing well.
You have to follow something.
I'm preaching like Kenneth Hagin because the way I'm preaching, unless you listen, you will not know what I'm preaching about.
When you jump into the middle of the preaching, you know, what is he talking about?
He's mentioning somebody's name.
He's mentioning something.
That's how Kenneth Hagin's preaching.
But you don't know what he's talking about.
He's mad at his message, mad at his father, his this, his that.
different stories.
But preaching like that, you can listen to it for a long time.
It's the type of preaching that can be on for a long time.
Yes.
Makane is like that.
When you put, I don't know what is it, what is he saying?
Yes.
Are you listening?
I preach a crusade like monkey.
Yes.
I tell stories I had, I heard from him.
Sometimes I practice, I try to let my voice be like his voice.
You keep on being jealous.
I keep on having the largest crusades.
Keep on watching.
Yeah.
I try to learn what I'm learning to try to do it.
It makes you harm.
You see that there is nothing original about you at all.
And it's good because we are nothing.
When you see a person who talks a lot who is dead, it's so surprising that he's not talking again.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
I said, when you see a person who talks a lot who is dead, it's not talking.
It's amazing.
When Stalin died, a very wicked person, when he died, you see his body was just lying there.
People were even afraid of his dead body.
Somebody who can just mention names.
all these must die.
Hey, he used to take lists and choose people to die and he canceled the ones that shouldn't die and all the rest should die.
It's amazing.
So alos, we are alos.
You see me honoring fathers.
Yes.
Like to do it.
You will not be with me.
the same negative things about people that I claim to honor.
When have you seen me doing that?
Doing like this and like this.
Like this and like this.
Some of you, that is what you are doing.
How will you do well?
I'm asking you how you do well.
When Kenneth Hagin died,
people came to give testimonies.
When I watched his funeral, I said, I would like to be like this when I die.
That the people came and said, oh, when he prays to you about faith, but when you go near him, you only get love.
And I felt I would like to be like this.
That those who know me closely, because not everybody can know me closely.
Those who know me closely will feel love.
But those who are a father will feel, maybe I don't know what if you work for the Lord or something.
Are you listening?
Yeah.
I'm talking about becoming an alos.
It's the highest path to success.
It's God's method.
If you are my son, choose ministry first.
Choose it.
Give yourself to God.
Trust God, whether he has power to look after you or not.
That's what I did.
I choose God first.
Yes.
to stay with him.
He has kept me.
What I don't pray for, that's what I have.
What I don't desire, that's what I have.
Some of the things I desire, I don't have.
Amazing.
Another of what?
Even the devil is using that key.
Look at Revelation 13 verse 11.
Verse one and 11, you see beast, beast.
Verse one, I beheld another beast.
Coming out of the earth, he had two horns like a lamb and spake as a dragon.
Another of the same kind.
And verse one.
Verse one, and I stood on the sand of the sea, and I saw a beast rise up out of the sea.
Having seven horns, ten heads, so as for horns, there must be horns.
Make sure you have horns.
He had horns.
Clowns.
And upon his head, the names of blasphemy.
So it's like the talking must be wild for you to have followed the pattern of the devil.
The way you speak.
The words you say, the things that come from your mind and the effect that they have.
Even the devil has seen that.
I must do the same thing to get the same results.
And verse 11.
Verse 11.
No, verse 2, verse 2, verse 2.
Verse 2.
And the beast which I saw was like this.
Left path, there is that.
So choose an animal.
Always choose an animal.
Which animals are here?
Left path, bear, lion, dragon is there.
And the dragon gave him his power.
And his seat and his great authority.
Verse three.
Amazing.
And I saw one of his heads and we all wondered, then jumped to verse 11.
And I beheld another beast.
This one was coming out of there.
Since you came out of the sea, I must also come from underground.
This one is coming from the earth.
That one was from the sea.
Behaving in almost the same way.
Now he had two hunts like a lamb.
There was no lamb the first time.
There was leopard, bear, this, that, that.
But the lamb must be there.
And speak as a dragon.
There must be a dragon effect.
Dragon is frightening.
When you hear, your hear will be doing something.
Verse 12.
And he exercised all the power of the first beast.
A certain man, he left his wife and married the second wife.
He was in the marriage when the wife kissed him.
He said, hey, this is me.
I saw this one in the bathroom.
I saw this behavior in the first wife.
This I know.
They're coming to repeat.
I think they were at the bus stop.
And he exercises the power of the first beast and calls the earth and them to worship.
Listen, whatever God has called you to do, find the alos and alos it properly.
And God will be with you and God will help you.
Stand to your feet.
I don't feel like continuing preaching.
Let's go home.
How many are going to be humble?
Lift your hands.
Thank God for his blessing.
Holy hands, holy hands, holy hands.
Be a good son, be a good daughter.
A son resembles his father, a daughter resembles her father.
Harimandala, Varidharimanda, Valadu, Varidharimanda, Malamara, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda, Varidharimanda,
Oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes.
Mandala ma, mashin dala ma, mandala ma, shan tele mandala baba.
Bala rama mandala ma, para maka bala, bala bala dhali bola bala.
Bala re bala, bala re bala, bala re bala, bala re bala, bala bala bala, bala bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala, bala bala
Father, we thank you for what you have done.
Bless us as children to serve you.
Make us the best sons, the best daughters possible.
We give you praise.
We give you thanks in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Every head bowed, every eye closed.
You are here.
You want to give your life to Jesus?
Maybe somebody invited you.
You want to be born again?
If you are here, I want to pray with you.
You have not been here before or maybe you've been here before but today is a great opportunity.
God wants to bless you.
If you are here, you want to be born again.
You want to give your life to God.
Just lift your right hand up high like this.
God bless you.
Lift it up high.
And if you've lifted your hand, you want to give your life to Jesus.
Come to me in the front here.
I want to pray with you.
Come.
Come to me.
Come all the way to the front.
I want to pray with you.
with me.
Say, Lord Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
Close your eyes.
Say, Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I receive you, Lord Jesus, as my savior and my Lord.
Please write my name in the book of life.
From today, I register.
I give my heart
to Jesus Christ.
Thank you Lord.
Save me Jesus.
Change my life.
Make me a new person.
Thank you Lord.
In Jesus' name I pray.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books.
It's called How to be born again and to avoid going to hell.
Do you want to avoid going to
As soon as we close, all of you in front here come to the corner where they are waving salvation corner.
We are going to pray with you.
If you are holding the book, make sure you come to that side.
Okay.
God bless you.
You may go back to your seats.
It's time for Holy Communion.
Sit down for a moment as they pass the Communion round.
eat this is my body which is broken for you drink this is my blood which will shed for you whoever eats my flesh and brings my blood has eternal life for my flesh is meeting deep
He repented himself and brought again 30 pieces of silver to the chief priests and elders.
Saying, saying what?
I have sent in that I have betrayed the innocent blood.
And they said, what is that to us?
See thou to it.
I've betrayed what?
the innocent blood.
The blood of Jesus was innocent.
He hadn't done anything wrong even though they made such a case to the point of convicting him of a sin to kill him.
But the truth is that his blood was innocent.
But in fact, through Matthew 26, you see they said this just person.
his wife sent and said, have down nothing to do with this just person.
Yes.
If you find it, put it up.
This just person.
I have betrayed the innocent blood.
And Pilate when he said, he said, I am innocent of the blood of this just person.
That's the blood
that we are about to receive.
Our blood is not innocent.
And you can never be Judas unless there's something innocent somewhere.
Yes.
You see, to be Judas you must be close.
To be Judas you must have an innocent blood to betray.
To be Judas you must cause
a trial to take place where somebody is assessed by wicked people.
Yes, wicked people must group together and make their comments because of you.
Jesus would have been in his house sleeping and because of Judas, all the high priests and so many people came to the conclusion that he was a bad person.
And he went out of this world with that impression.
He never corrected it.
So, the blood of Jesus is the blood of this just person.
I'm innocent of the blood of this just person.
It's innocent.
It's very powerful blood.
And that blood is going to mix with your blood.
Amen.
Yes.
And it's going to page away your sins, my sins, and our wickedness.
Stand to your feet.
take the bread.
Father, may the body of Jesus Christ that we receive bring healing to our bodies.
Amen.
The body of Jesus Christ.
Now the
The innocent blood or the blood of this just person cleans us from wickedness, from sin, from evil.
The blood of Jesus, the innocent blood of Jesus.
Lift your hands.
whatever pit you are falling into and surrounded by lions.
I announce your freedom.
I announce your deliverance.
I declare miraculously you shall escape from the mouth of the lion.
Not even one of your bones shall be broken in the name of Jesus.
being surrounded, being surrounded and being cornered.
I ask for your escape by the blood of the lamb.
I pray for you that God should stretch his long hand and select you and exempt you.
In the name of Jesus let it come to pass.
Whatever will break your leg this week
to be activated against you this week.
I ask for the blood of the lamb that washes white as snow.
The innocent blood to wash away your mistakes and your sins.
Whatever makes you not analogous.
Whatever evil is in you, that makes you not analogous today.
delivered from that thing.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
Now, may the blessing of the Lord come upon you and raise you up out of the mighty clay and place your feet upon a rock to stay.
In the name of he who lay in the grave voluntarily and rose with the power of the
that power raise you up in the name of this Jesus and everyone shouted your loudest amen.
God bless you.